Testing Routes and Controllers: add a section about resetting the db after each test (#31057)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: nodeJS/testing_express/testing_database_operations.md

const prisma = new PrismaClient({ adapter });
```

### Resetting the database between tests

> When testing database operations, we must always isolate our tests. This means, we access the database, interact with it(read, create, update, or delete records) and finally clean it up by resetting it to its initial state.

Reviewer: What do you think of the following? Just expanding on *why* we isolate tests regarding DB state, and some slight grammar tweaks.

```suggestion
When testing database operations, we must always isolate our tests from each other so that no test depends on any other test. For example, we would not want a test to fail if we didn't add or delete a table row in a different test, even if the main behavior being tested actually does work. This means that when we interact with our database in a test (read, create, update, or delete records), we should ideally clean up by resetting it to its initial state before the next test.
```

Author: I have reformulated the paragraph with your inputs in mind to make it clearer and easy to digest. Let me know if you have any feedbacks.
```suggestion
When testing database operations, we must always isolate our tests from each other so that no test depends on another. This prevents a passing test from failing due to database changes made by a test run. For example, if a test creates a record in the database without cleaning it up, running that same test again will fail because the record already exists. Therefore, every database interaction (reading, creating, updating, or deleting records) must be cleaned up to reset the database to its initial state before the next test runs.
```

Reviewer: I'm not so sure on the new suggestion, mainly because it starts by saying tests should not depend on other tests but then expands on what can happen even if you only have a single test and just re-run it. Not wrong but confusing in terms of content. We won't need to mention every possible thing that can happen, just provide one example, so in this situation I think I prefer my suggestion over this new one.

Author: I have added your version to the last commit.

In other words, in:

- `POST` requests, we create new records inside our test, and we delete them at the end.
- `PUT` requests, we create new records inside our test, update them, check them and then delete them.

> - `DELETE` requests, we create new records inside our test, then delete them.

Reviewer: I don't think this bit is particularly necessary. Learners should know what POST/PUT/DELETE routes would do at this point, so they should be able to work out what we mean by resetting DB state between tests for each situation.

Author: I have added this paragraph to explain how to test each HTTP method. I wanted to highlight the setup, assert, clean up flow for such tests. But I don't mind removing it.

Reviewer: I think at this point I'm the curriculum, accounting for the lesson flow, it feels unnecessary and a little over specific. Not that it's wrong though.

Author: Noted. I have removed this part in the last commit.

> To avoid repetition and forgetfulness, we recommend using `beforeEach` function, provided by your test runner (Jest or Vitest), to reset your database tables. For example, if we have a database with users and projects:

Reviewer: Just streamlining a bit. Jest is implied in both the previous lesson and this one, so no need to mention different test runners (anyone opting to use something else can surely work things out at this point)
```suggestion
This can be conveniently handled in something like a `beforeEach`. For example, if we have a database with users and projects, we could have something like:
```

Author: Aligned. Will add this change to the final commit.

> 
> ```javascript
> beforeEach(
>   async() => await prisma.$transaction([
>    prisma.user.deleteMany(),
>    prisma.project.deleteMany()
>   ])
> ```

Reviewer: Indentation and missing closing braces, but also a formatting nit just a little more consistent with how snippets in other lessons tend to be formatted.
````suggestion
```javascript
beforeEach(async () => {
  await prisma.$transaction([
    prisma.user.deleteMany(),
    prisma.project.deleteMany(),
  ]);
});
```
````

Author: Thanks, I will add this to the final commit.

This ensures that the users and projects tables are reset before running any other test.

> In addition, if you're splitting your tests into separate files, you need to make sure that test files are run sequentially instead of in parallel to prevent different test database operations from getting mixed up. For Jest, you can add the `--runInBand` flag into your `test` script in `package.json`. If you're using Vitest, you will need to add `fileParallelism : false` to your vitest.config file.

Reviewer: Just a little wording tweak but also adding a doc link, and removing the Vitest bit (similar to earlier comment - if someone's using Vitest, they can look into this themselves). What do you think of the following?
```suggestion
In addition, if you're splitting your tests into separate files, test runners tend to run test files in parallel (with tests in each file run sequentially), so you'll want to ensure they're all run sequentially so database ops in one test file don't interfere with any in another file. For Jest, you can add the [`--runInBand` flag](https://jestjs.io/docs/cli#--runinband) to your `test` script in `package.json`.
```

Author: I have restructured your proposal. Let me know what you think. 
```suggestion
In addition, if you're splitting your tests into separate files, you need to set up your test runner to run them sequentially (one file after another) instead of in parallel. This prevents different test database operations from getting mixed up. Because Jest defaults to parallel file execution, you can add the [`--runInBand` flag](https://jestjs.io/docs/cli#--runinband) to your `test` script in `package.json` to ensure sequential execution. 
```

Reviewer: I dig it :rocket:
